suggestions and edits (#1)
yelhousni/EIPs: EIPS/eip-xxxx.md

## Simple Summary
<!--"If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough." Provide a simplified and layman-accessible explanation of the EIP.-->

This precompile adds operations for the BW6-761 curve (from the EY/Inria [research paper](https://eprint.iacr.org/2020/351.pdf)) as a precompile in a set necessary to *efficiently* perform SNARKs verification for efficient one-layer composed proofs. It is intended to replace the SW6 curve (from the [Zexe paper](https://eprint.iacr.org/2018/962.pdf)) for performance reasons.

## Abstract
<!--A short (~200 word) description of the technical issue being addressed.-->

If `block.number >= X` we introduce *seven* separate precompiles to perform the following operations (addresses to be determined):

- BW6_G1_ADD - to perform point addition on a curve defined over prime field
<!--TODO: consider removing BW6_G1_MUL-->
- BW6_G1_MUL - to perform point multiplication on a curve defined over prime field
- BW6_G1_MULTIEXP - to perform multiexponentiation on a curve defined over prime field

> - BW6_G2_ADD - to perform point addition on a curve twist defined over quadratic extension of the base field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- BW6_G2_ADD - to perform point addition on a curve twist defined the base prime field
```

<!--TODO: consider removing BW6_G2_MUL-->

> - BW6_G2_MUL - to perform point multiplication on a curve twist defined over quadratic extension of the base field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- BW6_G2_MUL - to perform point multiplication on a curve twist defined over the base prime field
```

> - BW6_G2_MULTIEXP - to perform multiexponentiation on a curve twist defined over quadratic extension of the base field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- BW6_G2_MULTIEXP - to perform multiexponentiation on a curve twist defined over the base prime field
```

- BW6_PAIRING - to perform a pairing operations between a set of *pairs* of (G1, G2) points

The multiexponentiation operations are a generalization of point multiplication.

## Motivation
<!--The motivation is critical for EIPs that want to change the Ethereum protocol. It should clearly explain why the existing protocol specification is inadequate to address the problem that the EIP solves. EIP submissions without sufficient motivation may be rejected outright.-->

> The motivation of this precompile is to allow efficient one-layer composition of SNARK proofs. Currently this is done by Zexe using the BLS12-377/SW6 pair of curves. This precompile proposes a replacement of SW6 by BW6-761, which allows five times faster verification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The motivation of this precompile is to allow efficient one-layer composition of SNARK proofs. Currently this is done by Zexe using the BLS12-377/SW6 pair of curves. This precompile proposes a replacement of SW6 by BW6-761, which allows much faster verification.
```

Reviewer: It seems that the speedup factor varies significantly from an implementation to another.
